OSDOCS-5537: Update Infrastructure sizing table and note (#57546)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/infrastructure-node-sizing.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> These sizing recommendations should be used as a guideline and not as a rule of thumb, the number and type of objects in a cluster can vary regardless of the number of nodes this cluster has. Prometheus is a highly memory intensive application; the resource usage depends on various factors including the number of nodes, objects, the Prometheus metrics scraping interval, metrics or time series, and the age of the cluster. In addition, the router component usage can also be affected by the amount of inbound requests and the type of them, it's important to note that the memory usage can also be affected by the number of routes the router is managing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sizing recommendations should be used as a guideline.  Applications that are highly memory intensive can require more resources than prescribed in this chart. Memory requirements are increased by the use of Prometheus or the number of managed routes.
```

Author: I fixed some of the comments on this section, not all of the though. I understand the point of reducing this note but some I think we should keep some of the original content.

> These recommendations apply only to infrastructure nodes hosting Monitoring, Ingress and Registry infrastructure components installed during cluster creation.

Reviewer 2: I'm not going to hold a merge back because of a comma, but we do practice the Oxford comma: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-commas

You could fix this in a separate PR.
